---
description: >-
  Cornelius Krause – Staatsexamen at Freie Universitaet Berlin Germany, BDS.
  Cornelius Krause of CK Dental graduated from one of the best dental schools in
  Germany. In his time in Germany he worked with internationally renowned
  dentists to enhance his knowledge and practice of minimal-invasive dentistry
  as well as cosmetic dentistry.
dateModified: '2016-08-28T21:05:47.166Z'
datePublished: '2016-08-28T21:05:47.959Z'
title: Team
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-06-team.md
hasPage: true
starred: false
url: team/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
# Team

**Cornelius Krause** -- Staatsexamen at Freie Universitaet Berlin Germany, BDS. Cornelius Krause of CK Dental graduated from one of the best dental schools in Germany. In his time in Germany he worked with internationally renowned dentists to enhance his knowledge and practice of minimal-invasive dentistry as well as cosmetic dentistry.

His passion for the latest technology and its implication in to day-to-day dentistry for the benefit of the patient could not entirely be satisfied until the opening of CK Dental where patients can now benefit from the latest technology together with his calm and gentle approach, vast experience and reassurance.

**Michael Stiller** -- Qualified in dentistry from the Berlin Humboldt-University, before specialising in Maxillofacial Surgery, PhD, DDS. Dr Stiller is the Assistant Professor and Medical Director of the Department of Oral Surgery and Radiology at the Clinic of Maxillofacial Surgery, Free University of Berlin.

He has a specialist interest in soft tissue regeneration in implantology and different techniques of both bone and soft tissue augmentation. Dr Stiller is a Specialist for Implantology of the European Dental Association (EDA) as well as a member of leading European and international dental associations.

In addition to his private dental practice in Berlin, Dr Stiller regularly sees complex maxillofacial and implant cases at CK Dental in Bristol.

**Claudia Paoloni** -- Qualified as an anaesthetist from Charing Cross & Westminster Medical School, London, BSc MB BS FRCA. Dr Paoloni holds the position of Consultant Anaesthetist at University Hospital Bristol Foundation Trust (UHBT) and has been the Clinical Director for 3 years.

During this time she successfully lead the anaesthetic unit as a pilot site for the Royal College of Anaesthetist Accreditation of Clinical Services in Anaesthesia Programme (ACSA) and she has recently been invited to join the Safe Anaesthesia Liaison Group at the Royal College of Anaesthetists, London.

Dr Paoloni plays an important role at CK Dental, providing a consultant anaesthetist-led sedation service for nervous patients.

**Suzanne Benjamin** -- Qualified as a Dental Hygienist, Newcastle upon Tyne Dental School, EDH. Suzanne was a dental nurse before training to be a dental hygienist in 2003 and has since worked in private practice within Bristol, educating patients in caring for their teeth and gums by providing specific oral hygiene advice and providing manageable home care plans.

Her main role at CK Dental is to work in conjunction with Cornelius in the prevention and treatment of gum disease. Suzanne is a member of the British Society of Dental Hygiene and Therapy and is a strong believer in continuing professional development and education.